= selfmodifier portal

This is a portal to github, which can record projects owned by several individuals.  It is intended to be used by a group of hackers who want a page listing all their software.

It is like a github badge but is geared towards an organisation, rather than one person.

This project is *CLEARLY* *NOT* *FINISHED*, hence:
* The instructions below are for running the site in development mode.
* Specifically I have omitted instructions for setting up a database for production. 
* You will notice that the haml templates are hard-wired for an organisation called selfmodifier.org.

== Run-time requirements

These should pull in everything you need - but you can choose your own database

* Ruby (tested 1.9.2p136)
* sinatra (tested 1.1.2)
* sinatra-activerecord (tested 0.1.2)
* haml (tested 3.0.25)
* sqlite3 and gem (tested 0.1.1 of the gem)

== Development requirements

* Unix-like OS (need hostname command)
* cucumber
* firefox
* firefox selenium plugin
* selenium-client (tested 1.2.18)
* rainbow (so you can see it asking you to fill in the captcha during testing)

== To test

cucumber

== To run in development mode

# Migrate

rake db:migrate

# First add a moderator

rake db:create_moderator USER=johnny PASSWORD=omg

# Run the program

./run

== Author

Copyright John Morrice 2010

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

